Token               Lexeme              
=====               ======              
separator           !                   
identifier          This                
identifier          file                
identifier          is                  
identifier          for                 
identifier          sample              
identifier          code                
identifier          which               
separator           ,                   
identifier          determines          
identifier          salesTax            
identifier          between             
identifier          two                 
identifier          amounts             
identifier          of                  
identifier          money               
unrecognized        .                   
identifier          This                
identifier          file                
identifier          is                  
operator            >                   
integer             20                  
identifier          source              
identifier          lines               
separator           !                   
identifier          function            
identifier          salesTax$           
separator           [                   
identifier          principal           
separator           :                   
keyword             real                
separator           ,                   
identifier          salesTax            
separator           :                   
keyword             real                
separator           ]                   
separator           {                   
keyword             return              
identifier          principal           
operator            *                   
identifier          salesTax            
separator           ;                   
separator           }                   
identifier          function            
identifier          totalPrice          
separator           [                   
identifier          principal           
separator           :                   
keyword             real                
separator           ,                   
identifier          salesTax            
separator           :                   
keyword             real                
separator           ]                   
separator           {                   
separator           !                   
identifier          Can                 
identifier          you                 
identifier          call                
identifier          a                   
identifier          function            
identifier          from                
identifier          this                
identifier          function            
unrecognized        ?                   
separator           !                   
separator           !                   
identifier          This                
identifier          function            
identifier          calls               
identifier          the                 
identifier          above               
identifier          function            
separator           ,                   
identifier          and                 
identifier          adds                
identifier          the                 
identifier          principal           
identifier          with                
identifier          the                 
identifier          calculated          
identifier          salesTax            
identifier          from                
identifier          the                 
identifier          above               
identifier          function            
separator           !                   
keyword             return              
identifier          principal           
operator            +                   
identifier          salesTax            
separator           (                   
identifier          principal           
separator           ,                   
identifier          salesTax            
separator           )                   
separator           ;                   
separator           }                   
separator           !                   
identifier          function            
identifier          totalTax$           
separator           [                   
separator           ]                   
identifier          Want                
identifier          to                  
identifier          see                 
keyword             if                  
identifier          it                  
identifier          gets                
identifier          ignored             
identifier          inside              
identifier          a                   
identifier          comment             
separator           !                   
separator           %%                  
keyword             real                
identifier          principal$          
separator           ,                   
identifier          maxPrincipal        
separator           ,                   
identifier          salesTax            
separator           ;                   
separator           !                   
identifier          REAL                
identifier          Declarations        
separator           !                   
keyword             int                 
identifier          step                
separator           ;                   
separator           !                   
identifier          INT                 
identifier          Declarations        
separator           !                   
keyword             get                 
separator           (                   
identifier          principal$          
separator           ,                   
identifier          maxPrincipal        
separator           ,                   
identifier          salesTax            
separator           ,                   
identifier          step                
separator           )                   
separator           ;                   
keyword             while               
separator           (                   
identifier          step                
operator            <                   
identifier          maxPrincipal        
separator           )                   
separator           {                   
keyword             put                 
separator           (                   
identifier          principal           
separator           ,                   
identifier          salesTax            
separator           )                   
separator           ;                   
keyword             put                 
separator           (                   
identifier          salesTax            
separator           (                   
identifier          principal           
separator           ,                   
identifier          salesTax            
separator           )                   
separator           )                   
separator           ;                   
keyword             put                 
separator           (                   
identifier          totalPrice          
separator           (                   
identifier          principal           
separator           ,                   
identifier          salesTax            
separator           )                   
separator           )                   
separator           ;                   
identifier          step                
operator            =                   
identifier          step                
operator            +                   
integer             1                   
separator           ;                   
separator           }                   
