Token               Lexeme              
=====               ======              
separator           !                   
identifier          this                
identifier          is                  
identifier          comment             
identifier          for                 
identifier          this                
identifier          sample              
identifier          code                
identifier          which               
identifier          converts            
identifier          Fahrenheit          
identifier          into                
identifier          Celcius             
unrecognized        .                   
identifier          This                
identifier          file                
identifier          is                  
operator            <                   
integer             20                  
identifier          source              
identifier          lines               
separator           !                   
identifier          function            
identifier          convert$            
separator           [                   
identifier          fahr                
separator           :                   
keyword             int                 
separator           ]                   
separator           {                   
keyword             return              
integer             5                   
operator            *                   
separator           (                   
identifier          fahr                
operator            -                   
integer             32                  
separator           )                   
operator            /                   
integer             9                   
separator           ;                   
separator           }                   
separator           %%                  
keyword             int                 
identifier          low                 
separator           ,                   
identifier          high                
separator           ,                   
identifier          step$               
separator           ;                   
separator           !                   
identifier          declarations        
separator           !                   
keyword             get                 
separator           (                   
identifier          low                 
separator           ,                   
identifier          high                
separator           ,                   
identifier          step$               
separator           )                   
separator           ;                   
keyword             while               
separator           (                   
identifier          low                 
operator            <                   
identifier          high                
separator           )                   
separator           {                   
keyword             put                 
separator           (                   
identifier          low                 
separator           )                   
separator           ;                   
keyword             put                 
separator           (                   
identifier          convert$            
separator           (                   
identifier          low                 
separator           )                   
separator           )                   
separator           ;                   
identifier          low                 
operator            =                   
identifier          low                 
operator            +                   
identifier          step$               
separator           ;                   
separator           }                   
